c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\Ambilight.exe.config
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\Ambilight.exe
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\Ambilight.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\BlinkStickDotNet.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SlimDX.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\LibUsbDotNet.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\HidSharp.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\LibUsbDotNet.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\LibUsbDotNet.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\HidSharp.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\obj\x86\Debug\Ambilight.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\obj\x86\Debug\Ambilight.Form1.resources
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\obj\x86\Debug\Ambilight.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\obj\x86\Debug\Ambilight.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\obj\x86\Debug\Ambilight.exe
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\obj\x86\Debug\Ambilight.pdb
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Animation.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D10.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D12.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectComposition.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectInput.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectManipulation.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectSound.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Animation.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D10.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D12.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectComposition.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectInput.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectManipulation.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DirectSound.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\Args.dll
C:\Users\jeremy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ambilight\Ambilight\bin\x86\Debug\Args.xml
